and please lastly do not use any stock
photos or low quality imagery because if
you do I think you should be you should
be well put straight to jail
GM and welcome to another the BBC
Mastery podcast episode and in this solo
episode I'm going to continue where I
have left off in my previous solo
episode in my previous solo episode I
spoke about how to craft a irresistible
offer to obtain your dream clients by
focusing on their dream outcome and in
this episode I want to translate that
irresistible offer that you have created
to a high converting landing page for
Legion and SAS businesses so in this
episode we're going to talk about how
you can well build High converting
landing pages for Legion clients by
using your irresistible offer so let's
first start off with what a landing page
actually is so a landing page is often
the first page and often the only page
people see when they click your ad it's
a page that works independently of your
website and is often not being indexed
by Google and it's not being well
included inside of the navigation of
your website so it is really hard and
almost close to impossible to find your
landing page if people do not
click on one of your promotional ads so
your landing page is focused on one
really clear primary objective and it
should be focused on one primary
objective only and its job is to shorten
the buyer's Journey from click to
conversion so people that come on your
landing page often are are often from a
high intent so they search for a
specific keyword where they contain
specific words that is showing
transactional or commercial intent and
you can capitalize on that by sending
that specific potential client directly
to your online sales person which is
your landing page so it really creates a
clear path to your primary conversion
goal for the users that are really
really really warm and close to
converting you can only you can also use
landing pages for colder traffic so
instead of sending people over to your
landing page that focuses on a specific
marketing offer you can also send people
over to a landing page that well
basically offers them a specific lead
magnet for example a e-book or a white
paper or a online demo that they can
watch or maybe a coupon code that you
could that they can use for well your
web shop for Ecom purposes for example
so you can also use landing pages for
colder traffic but normally landing page
are being created for the warmer traffic
and it is ideal for Google ads search
campaigns in my opinion
so
what are the main benefits of landing
pages and why are they so important to
have so
first it creates a seamless experience
for the Fister so once a visitor or a
potential client
looks for a specific solution inside of
Google search you know the intent and
you know the problem and you know what
they are looking for so if people were
to search for a marketing automation
software solution you know the intent is
really high and they're close to
converting if you are going to show them
the correct information on your correct
landing page and your landing page is
basically a single page that focuses on
one primary object objective one primary
call to action that goes straight to the
possible solution so next to that it
also results in a message match with the
ad they clicked on so let's say you
address certain benefits or maybe even
certain features inside of your search
ad or maybe even a display ad or a
YouTube ad you can repeat that message
on your well Taylor landing page that
creates a sort of Harmony that creates a
message match so your user your
potential client knows they have they
have landed on the right website that is
completely relevant to the solution
they're possibly looking for
next to that it makes a b testing more
straightforward so having incorp
incorporating landing pages to your to
your campaigns into your website
basically
enables you to test more frequently and
and set up more tests easily so if you
were to test on your own website you are
quite limited to for example the
resources you have for example the
developer that is available right now or
the layout that you have to that you
have to take into account when you work
with landing pages you can build your
landing page yourself Often by using a
drag and drop tool like inbounds or lead
Pages or convert flow their numbers
tools out there that you can that you
can use so you can easily set up tests
and easily change around certain copy
change around certain elements change
out certain forms Etc and that enables
you to quickly set up tests and to
enable well conversion rate optimization
quite easily
and lastly the most important thing of
having Lenny pages is to improve your
campaign performances so particularly
looking at Google ads because that's
what we like to do at PPC Mastery
looking at Google ads you can really
really improve your conversion rates by
a lot allowing you to hit your Roi
targets but also allowing you to scale
massively because if you are able to
improve your conversion rates by tense
or sometimes even hundreds of percents
while looking at the conversion rates
that will enable your cpcs to Skyrocket
and will enable your ads to to well to
enter new auctions that you couldn't
enter before also the ad rank on your
most important keywords or Search terms
are really going to improve and that
will result in way more traffic for
basically a lower CPA or a better OS if
you are looking at that way and you're
using value-based bidding so it really
allows you to skill massively beyond the
stuff that you're doing right now so
that's why I always always
suggest people to incorporate landing
page optimization
um when they are well when they're
advertising for Legion or SAS clients
next to your conversion rates you can
also improve your quality scores a lot
looking at the landing page experience
and this will improve your ad rank as
well because your ad rank consists of
your CPC times the quality score at
auction level
so looking at creating your landing page
where do you start so I like to start
with a wireframe I really like to
incorporate this in my day-to-day work
nowadays since Google ads is being
heavily automated that freeze frees up
time to incorporate well landing page
optimization landing page testing so
when I start out creating a landing page
or a proposal for a landing page that
needs to be designed by a div by a
graphic web designer I always like to
start out with a wireframe and by
starting off with a wireframe it
basically allows you to visualize your
landing page early on and it allows you
to prioritize what's most important on
the Page by looking at the informational
information hierarchy and that's
something that we will address in the
next couple of minutes the information
hierarchy is really important because it
basically tells you what the potential
client needs to know first in order to
make the decision and what information
needs to be addressed and prioritized
and what information can be left aside
that isn't really being important and is
only going to distract people from the
from completing your call to action so
that's really important it also creates
a structure of your landing page that
focuses on the primary conversion goal
so when you start wireframing your
landing page you can easily see it come
together and that will well that will
make sure to
that your landing page has a great
structure where it also focuses on your
primary object objectives and your
primary call to actions lastly it is
easier to align your copy and design so
what people do wrong a lot and I see
this happening at a lot of online
marketing agencies as well they are like
hey we need a new landing page or we
even need a new website and they start
briefing their web designer this is
something that we wanted to look this is
something that we want to achieve but
basically the web designer has to well
craft your landing page and it is going
to be led by your web designer so
oftentimes people do not have their copy
written out they don't have a clear
structure in place and it is all well
decided by the web designer well what
the informational hierarchy is going to
be and how your page is being are going
to look at to look at so what you would
like to do is you want your designer to
be creative and you as a well Google ads
Specialist or essay on a marketer should
decide on the contents of the page and
the information additional hierarchy and
the official hierarchy of the page so
you are in the lead of how the landing
page is going to look quote unquote how
is how it is going to be structured and
your web designer is the one that is
going to make it look great and it's the
one that makes sure that it aligns with
your brand guidelines so to say
so you want to put all of the various
people involved on the same page as you
are so that is something you can do by
taking matters into own hands and by
starting out with a wireframe and
thinking about the informational and
physical hierarchy yourself
so I like to use a tool called balsamic
for my wireframing it is a really really
really simple offline tool that is
basically a program on your laptop or
computer it is an easy program where you
can basically sketch your landing page
and sketch out your even websites
I I think that is this is one of the
most convenient tools out there it is
really a really stupid simple there are
also other tools out there like figma or
mockups or well other online wireframing
tools that are a little bit more
detailed and well well and
professionally looking but I think when
you start to incorporate really detailed
tools for your wireframing purposes you
start to design real soon and that's
something that should be led by your web
designer in my opinion because you
should think about the informational
hierarchy and the visual hierarchy and
the contents of the page and your web
designer should be well focused on the
design so that's why I like to use a
really horrific looking wireframing tool
balsamic with a cue on the end and that
has worked for me in the best and it
still does right now
so before you start off with a wireframe
you actually need a irresistible offer
first
so in the previous podcast episode the
solo one that I did I spoke about how to
craft irresistible offers by looking at
the dream outcome of your dream clients
by using a framework called dream so if
you haven't watched or listened to that
specific podcast episode make sure to
give it a listen because I think there
are some good golden nuggets inside of
there that you can use to craft
irresistible offers so before you start
wireframing you should have that in
place you should know the answers on
questions like what is the dream outcome
of your dream client what big problems
could Your solution solve or is your
solution going to solve what does your
product or service offer people what
value do they get what makes your offer
unique what sets you apart from others
what are the what are the potential
Alternatives and how do you make sure
that you are the better solution what
could prevent people from accepting your
offer immediately right now and why
should people take action now and what
happens if they don't so what happens if
they don't take action right now well
they're still going to suffer and
they're still going to well suffer from
their their big problems and challenges
so that's something you need first
before you can think about the
informational hierarchy of your landing
page so if you haven't graphed your
irresistible offer make sure to give the
episodes a listen
so let's talk about the importance of
the informational hierarchy so the
informational hierarchy is the practice
of laying out your information so that
it answers all of your potential clients
questions in a logical order so let me
repeat that so informational hierarchy
is the practice of laying out your
information so that it answers all of
your prospects questions in a logical
order
information hierarchy helps you to find
the balance and priority of all of the
information that you need to well put on
your landing page in order to close the
deal to make people to take action and
to complete your call to action you do
not want to push too much information at
once because this will result in
information overloads but on the other
side you do not want to leave
information behind because this will
mean that you will start to become vague
and your sales pitch will become
incomplete so people think there are
important details missing and because
they haven't seen the important details
they aren't able to well complete the
call to action because they might still
have doubts they might still have some
objections they there might still be
some barriers that you need to address
first so you cannot be incomplete but
you should not be over complete as well
because the more information you have
that is unnecessary the more copy people
have to go through and well this results
in information overload so the
importance of information hierarchy is
making sure to include the most
essential information only on landing
page in a logical order
so
if you're going to address this topic
and if you're going to look at your
information hierarchy there are a couple
of questions that you can ask yourself
and this is different for all of the
businesses out there the first question
is what information is most critical to
be included on the page
what information should be included and
what information should not be included
what drives people away from taking
completing the call to action and what
is unnecessary information how can you
well throw out unnecessary information
or replace that part of information with
actual information or copy that
addresses certain objections or that
addresses certain barriers or that
addresses certain benefits of your
solution
what is the awareness level of the
potential buyer so by looking at the
channel and traffic temperature what is
the awareness level of the user are they
product aware are they solution aware
are they completely unaware so you have
to think about what kind of traffic you
are going to be sending over to your
landing page because this will mean one
what your offer is going to look like
and to how you're going to pitch your
offer and three how your call to action
is going to well be inserted I'm still
forgetting a lot of more points but we
are going to address on that in the next
couple of slides so the cold water
traffic the more content you often need
to include and the warmer the traffic
the more of a transactional or
commercial intent the user has the less
content you need to basically let the
potential customer complete your call to
action
you also have to think about what
information should we prioritize and
what information should we de-prioritize
and what information should we put above
the fault and that is the thing that
people can see without having to scroll
on their mobile devices or on their on
their desktop or laptop devices the
above default region is the most
important region that you should well
focus at because the headline the
summary of your offer the call to action
and the imagery are basically the most
impactful of well if people are going to
scroll on your page looking for further
benefits and further information or if
they're going to decide and bounce
because your offer is unclear and
they're like what the heck is going on
here I have no idea what I'm doing here
let's return to the Google search
results page and let's click and try
another search ad so really really focus
on all of the stuff that is above the
fault
so over here I have a little example of
a landing page of tail mat if I
pronounce that correctly if you're
looking at the YouTube video of this
podcast episode you're able to see the
landing page if you're listening to this
podcast episode I will make sure to run
you through the landing page so the
landing page basically consists of
several elements like a headline a sub
headline a call to action several
benefits and then several content blocks
below the benefit part but when looking
at the landing page
they are telling you as a potential
customer in their headline exclusive
travel nursing jobs and in the subtitle
earn up to 60 dollars per hour with
tillmet travel nursing and then a call
to action get started now and in the
call to action you're able to
um well to
to insert your full name your phone
number and your email address and you
can apply straight away but looking at
this page what the heck are travel
nursing jobs so that's the first
question I have so I think till Matt
should better address what they mean
with travel nursing jobs what is it and
what can you do with it and without
looking any further on the page looking
below the fault what are are there
unique value propositions so
why is their offer irresistible and why
should I go with tilmet so if you take a
look once again the headline in the sub
headline in the call to action you're
like well what makes you different from
all of the orders why should I leave my
contact details behind what problems are
you going to solve for me and why are
you better than any alternatives and if
if I have an answer to all of those
questions
what are the social proofs of of you
doing actually a great job so can you
tell me what your cost how your
customers are rating you can you tell me
about certain case studies of of about
how people well earns
towards multiple thousands of dollars
per month by applying to a travel
nursing jobs at tillmet so just by
looking at the above the Fault part of
this landing page you're like well
I have no idea what's going on here and
you're asking me to convert too soon
you're asking me to leave my contact
details behind without knowing what your
unique value proposition is what your
irresistible offer should be why I
should go with you instead of
Alternatives I do not even know my own
problems and challenges so how are you
going to solve them so a lot is going on
in the wrong way just by looking at this
specific landing page so this is just
one of the many examples that you can
find across the web I always see it as a
sport to to basically look at the
landing page of Legion advertisers and
basically spot what can be done
differently and what can be improved so
the next time when you hit an ad and you
land on a specific page ask yourself all
of these questions so ask yourself
what is the dream outcome what are my
biggest problems and how are they going
to solve them what value do I get as a
customer what makes your offer unique
and what sets you apart from all of the
competitors how can you explain that I
should accept the offer immediately and
how do you tackle my potential
objections or barriers that I have what
happens if I do not take action right
now so it's a great exercise to do if
you land on a specific lead page lead
landing page Yourself by asking you
these questions from your own
perspective as a potential client
so generally you can use the components
of your irresistible offer for your
information hierarchy
so over here I have created a sketch of
the elements that you can use for your
informational hierarchy and these can be
also translated to certain visual
hierarchy elements and we will address
that in the next couple of slides so the
first part is about dream outcome what
is a dream outcome of your dream client
number two big problems what big
problems does your solution solve number
three value what is your product or
service offer people what value do they
get and what what are the core benefits
of your solution number four uniqueness
what makes your offer unique what sets
you apart from others and potential
other relevant Alternatives five
objections what could prevent people
from accepting your offer immediately
right now six call to action why should
people take action right now and what
happens if they don't and seven
credibility why should people trust you
how can they be sure you are the best
solution and well why should you be the
one that should be trusted so to recap
these are the most important information
hierarchy elements that you should
address on your landing page
dream outcome big problems and solution
value uniqueness objections call to
action credibility so those are the
seven core components and if you were to
address them all on your landing page
and if you were to prioritize your
information hierarchy correctly then you
will have a good converting landing page
already
okay let's continue to the visual
hierarchy so once you have your
informational hierarchy in place you can
translate all of your informational
hierarchy elements to certain page
elements and you have to ensure the most
important elements on the page are
visually prioritized
there are some essential principles that
you can use in order to well Ace your
visual hierarchy so let me explain what
the potential elements are so the first
element is size you can use size to to
better address certain important
elements so important elements should be
way bigger than less important elements
so let's take a look at your call to
action your call to action should be
well relatively big compared to your
compared to other elements on the page
because it is a really important element
on the page for people to take action
right now same applies to for example
your headline your headline should be
way bigger than your regular copy
because your headline should be the the
part that captures people's attention
and intrigues them to continue to read
the rest of the contents of your page I
you can also use white space as a visual
hierarchy element so important elements
should be easily found and you should
make it more appealing for people to
well to take to take a look at the
specific important elements and you can
do so by making sure there's enough
white space around important elements
like a call to action a form to complete
certain imagery certain testimonials
that you want to highlight and you want
to address so make sure to always use
white space to give important elements
the the the place they need and make
them more appealing the next visual
hierarchy element is Direction so you
can include visual cues to guide users
to specific elements or specific parts
of your page so sometimes you see
website websites like balsamic using
visual cues by using a background color
in the form of a arrow pointing down to
to visually cue people to continue
reading and continue heading over to the
next element you can also use specific
arrows or imagery of people looking to a
specific site on the page so the
attention is being focused on certain
other elements on the page so direction
is also a thing that you can do
next up is placement you should always
arrange elements in a logical way and
you have to take into account that we as
humans like to scan our pages in z or F
shaped patterns so if you mark out a z
or a f the F of Ferdinand then you
should always make sure that your page
is easily scannable and the placement of
your contents and your elements are well
put together in the correct way so
people can easily scan your content
and lastly we have color and contrast so
you can use attention grabbing colors
and contrasts to well to better address
certain elements and to make them pop so
think about contrasting call to action
border button colors or think about
background colors that are contrasting
to to other sections of your page making
it well easier to see the hierarchy of
the page
so
these are all elements and tactics you
can use to to improve on your visual
hierarchy so let's continue with
hierarchy elements so what are certain
elements that you can use besides the
technique tactics or the techniques in
order to address all of the most
important parts of your page the
informational hierarchy so the first
part is your headline so you want to
lead with a value driven headline that
is tied to your clients dream outcome
there are multiple Frameworks that you
can use in order to craft an ideal and
captivating headline online I'm not
going to touch on those frame Frameworks
and examples right now I think I will
address them in a future podcast
episodes yeah future episodes but you
should always lead with a value-driven
headline that really really draws the
attention of the user
next you want to create a offer summary
so you want to pitch your offer in a
short summary and you can also see this
as a sub headline so to say so I like to
see it as a summary of the offer and
this is where you want to lead with the
problem of the potential client and you
want to explain how your offer will
solve their problems and will result in
their dream outcome you can then also
translate the core benefits of your
offer into certain bullet points so so
it is easy to scan and it is really easy
to see how you as a well vendor or a
business is going to solve their pains
and their problems right now and this
should all be included above the fault
so it should really be easy to scan and
people should should recognize them in
in all of the points that you make and
it should Intrigue them to scan the
remaining parts of the contents of your
landing page as well because well there
should be
they should be addressed and they should
be hey yeah this is exactly my problem
and oh that solution sounds interesting
I want to learn more about that so next
up is the call to action the call to
action is a thing that your potential
clients should do and why they should
take action right now your call to
action should be actionable so it's it
should start with a word like get or
download or sign up or well words that
are actionable and it should be tied to
your irresistible offer so if you were
to sell a Google ads course for example
then you can create a call to action
like get more
get more insightful about Google
shopping right now or today or increase
your Google ads knowledge in four hours
or download our Google s order template
and never and never waste any money on
certain certain leaks inside of your
Google ads account from from today so
these are just some top of Mind examples
I think if I were to sit down to create
these examples they will become way
better but they should be tied to your
irresistible offer and it should be
actionable
you want to place your call to action
above default and you want to make it
sticky in your navigation so if people
are scrolling down on the landing page
to see all of the other potential
interesting parts that you have to tell
then they should always see the primary
objective and the call to action that
they can and should complete to get the
solution they're looking for so you want
to repeat your call to action
also after every two and three sections
so you want to address your call to
action above the fault so people know
what they should do if they want a
solution but you should also repeat your
call to action on logical ways and
logical Parts on your landing page
next up is object objections so you also
want to answer frequently asked
questions and counter potential barriers
and objections so often people have a
lot of objections and they need to be
sold on specific parts of the offer
before they they're going to take action
so you should really think about the
stuff that might prevent people from
taking action right now and you should
counter all of the potential objections
and you can do so by well throwing in
guarantees or explaining why you are the
better alternative than a competitor
that they might have tried prior to to
this potential solution and why they're
going to succeed with you and why you
are going to guarantee that and why
you're also going to guarantee a well
while you're also going to guarantee a
money back period or maybe an auto
guarantee that you put in to basically
counter the objection even further so
that's really important to address and
use instead of a visual element as well
you also want to include engaging media
so you want to show images or videos of
the desired end results the desired
dream outcome so please please please
stay away from any stock photography
because well I really have to throw up
if I see any stock images I always
bounce as a Google ads user or a Google
user myself because you have to well I
think put in the work to craft images
yourself and craft videos yourself that
show your knowledge and show the desired
end result that I'm looking for and it
also shows me that you are a real
business with real humans and that you
are not a well 16 year old Legion
Advertiser sitting at the sitting in the
basement of your well Mom and Dad
sending over my leads to potential other
vendors that are going to pay for that
specific lead so I want to show real
faces real people and real end results
so put in the work and make sure to
include engaging media that is relevant
to your irresistible offer do not
include any media that does not add up
and does not add to your story and
doesn't and isn't going to well increase
the conversion rate so just leave out
all of the irrelevant images Leave Out
All of the irrelevant business videos
make sure that all of the imagery is
relevant and tied to the potential dream
outcome of your potential dream client
next up you want to include credibility
you want to include social proof but
also proof that gives you credibility
and that builds trust and you can do
this in several ways you can do this by
including testimonials in certain
sections these can be in video and in
text
this is something that we really really
really focus on at PPC Mastery so if you
were to look at one of our product pages
you will see that we put in a lot of
work in order to gather as many as
testimonials of real people with real
stories as possible ideally we want to
have as many as videos as possible
because these really really build trust
and these cannot be faked you also want
to make sure that you address the name
of the person that left a review you
want to address the title the function
title if it makes sense and if it is B2B
related you want to make sure that
people can verify that is that it is in
fact a real human and that you have not
just come up with this random
testimonial and it is it has been faked
I think more than half of all of the
testimonials online are easily faked and
you want to see that all of the
testimonials are real you can do so by
you can can do so by making it able for
people to verify the sources so include
a LinkedIn link to their profile
pictures include a link to a specific
case on side of your website you might
even link them to a Facebook profile so
people can verify that they are not fake
you also want to include vote photos so
faces of the people that left a review
or left a testimonial because if you
don't people will become
well people will will do not trust the
testimonials right away so always ask if
you can use a profile picture of a
person that leaves a testimonial so
those are all testimonials what you can
also do inside of the testimonials is to
not just randomly list them inside of
your landing page but you can combine
them with countering certain objective
objections or focusing on certain
benefits so you can look and go through
your testimonials all of the ones that
you have gathered and basically
prioritize certain testimonials and Link
them to certain benefits dream outcomes
or even use them to counter certain
objections on your page so that's also a
great way to leverage on all of the
testimonials that you have right now so
do not list them randomly inside of a
carousel or an embed for example but
make sure to put in the work to link
them to specific information and
specific well elements of your page
you can also think about trust symbols
so if you are a Google ads agency you
might want to include a logo of a Google
partner or you might want to include a
trust pilot badge so people know that
all of the reviews you have gathered are
real at least most of them are if you're
using a third-party review platform like
trustpilot you can also use customer
logos and you want to use well-known
Brands you do not want to use brands
that people do not know because well if
they are your bakery next to the corner
well people will not care and they were
like okay so I do not know who this
customer is look small I'm bigger maybe
they're not they're not used to working
for bigger clients or bigger Brands so
maybe this agency might not be the best
fit for me so always make sure to
include relevant customer logos of
well-known brands that people know if
you have them of course
and lastly for credibility you can
include awards and achievements so if
you take a look at the landing page of
true clicks for example they include a
lot of awards that they have won with
their PPC software for example the
global search Awards of the last couple
of years and you can also include
certain case studies so case studies are
the proof that the stuff you preach or
the stuff you promise are action are
actually real and you are able to to to
well complete on those promises so if
you are once again a Google ad
specialist you want to list out case
studies where you show the real business
growth that you have facilitated for a
specific client or multiple clients or a
specific case study where you have
increased the efficiency by 200 percent
without sacrificing volume for example
so make sure to include case studies as
well
you can combine all of this with
persuasive techniques to
let people complete your call to action
so people want to take action right now
so you can use urgency scarcity and
guarantees inside of all of the visually
visual hierarchy elements to make sure
to double down on all of the elements
that you have already included so
explain why why people should take
action right now and how it hurts them
if they don't so you can do this by
utilizing microcopy below your call to
action bottoms for example you can add
real scarcity around the offer so for
example in a couple of weeks we're going
to launch our our Hub the PPC Hub which
is a
really limited available membership
Community for senior and media Google
Specialists that want to be the best
version version of themselves so we're
going to limit the available spots to
200 spots only and that will make it
scars we're also going to be limiting
the offer so the offer will will only be
online for a couple of weeks before we
take it down and we will close the
membership Community once again to to
make sure that everyone gets the
experience inside of the PPC Hub that
they deserve so that's the urgency part
of it so that's why people should take
action right now otherwise they will
miss out on the offer which is a great
deal I think or they will miss out
because there are no more spots left and
you can also add in guarantees where you
can eliminate any risks with aggressive
guarantees so think about how you can
make your offer so irresistible that
people will feel stupid saying no and
that's a quote from Alex or Mosey that I
really like and it all comes down to
often times the dream outcome combined
with really aggressive guarantees for
example I guarantee you that you will
grow 10 percent in top line revenue in
the upcoming three months and if you
don't I will work for free and you do
not have to pay any of the invoices that
we have sent out in the first couple of
three months working together so that is
like an irresistible offer with a really
aggressive guarantee where you will work
for free until that specific goal has
been reached of course you should be
able to live up to it that's a topic
that's a discussion for a whole other
discussion it's also content for a
different podcast episode I think but
make sure to make your
irresistible offer well irresistible and
lastly the visual hierarchy element that
you want to include is a manage
expectation element so you want to
explain the process and what happens
next when people decide to take action
so what happens if they apply for the
BBC Hub what happens after will they be
will they be able to to sign up and log
in immediately or will it take a couple
of days before we actually launch and
they get access what happens if I were
to ask for a quotation to to redesign my
garden will I be contacted in four hours
within Working Day hours and how soon
are am I going to how soon can they
start with the garden gardening redesign
process so you want to manage
expectations so people know what happens
next
so that's it let me recap so the most
important high impact visual hierarchy
elements are the headline the offer
summary the call to action that you can
repeat on multiple parts inside of your
page objections engaging media
credibility persuasion techniques and
setting expectations so those are the
high impact visual hierarchy elements
that you do not want to well skip in my
opinion
so there are a couple of
areas where you can basically f up I'm
not going to pronounce the word because
I'm I'm scared this video will be taken
down so the first thing is when you f up
is when you ignore the rule of one or
having an attention rate ratio that is
higher than one on one and the attention
ratio is a rule made by Oli Gardner
which is a really well famous conversion
optimization specialist I haven't seen a
lot from him lately but a couple of
years ago he was like my go-to guy to
learn more about landing page
optimization and cro so what he means
with a attention ratio that is higher
than one-on-one or what he means by the
rule of one is having more than one
primary
objective and one more than one primary
call to action to complete so for
example if you were to include your
navigation bar or your header and your
footer people have well a lot of more
ways to go and a lot more things to to
complete so they can go to your home
page they can go to your about us page
they can go to your contact page they
can even see your privacy policy page
who gives a and they're pronounced
words they can even take a look at
your terms and conditions they can go to
other services or other products that I
do not care about right now and you do
not want to have the op give people the
possibility and opportunity to well
navigate away from the core objective
and the core objection
the core call to action you want them to
complete right now so always make sure
to
to eliminate all of the distractions and
to only have one specific goal and one
specific call to action only
you do not want to keep your standard
navigation because this will result in
conversion leaks that's how olly Gartner
also pronounce it I think that's a great
way to put it so all of the other links
that well get people get people away
from your core call to action is
basically a leak in your conversion
funnel you do not want to overload
people with information you want to be
concise and you want to be focused you
do not want to fail to optimize for
mobile so when creating your wireframe
when creating your design of your
landing page you want to create mobile
first designs if they make sense but if
you are b2c focused I think more than 70
percent of all of your website visitors
will be coming from mobile nowadays if
you are more B2B focused for example a
B2B SAS company then you could still be
more desktop focused by looking at the
the percentage of your traffic so where
does it come from
you want to
tie your call to action to your offer
and you do not want to use generic call
to actions that are like sign up now or
download now or get quotation so you
want to be really specific and you want
to tie your call to action to your
irresistible offer you want to start
with a attention grabbing word and you
do not want your call to action to be
that long because otherwise it will look
hideous on your mobile phones
you also want to be testing and
iterating all of your versions from the
very first start so your first landing
page version should never be your last
so make sure to always test and make
iterations of the landing page that you
have crafted and please lastly do not
use any stock photos or low quality
imagery because if you do I think you
should be you should be well put
straight to jail so that's my honest
opinion so never never never use stock
photos for your landing pages because
otherwise they will not be high
converting they will result in low
converting landing pages and people will
throw up
so lastly I want to end this podcast
Episode by saying that you do not want
to underestimate your above the fault
section because this is where you create
the most impact so if you were to if you
have to double down on specific parts of
your landing page because of for example
time constraints or other limited
resources make sure to have a kick-ass
High converting intriguing above the
fault section where you really focus on
a compelling headline a compelling offer
summary that summarizes the problem and
your solution and translate your
benefits into several bullet points and
include a specific call to action that
starts your irresistible offer so that's
all I want to say for this podcast
episode I hope you liked it in a future
podcast episode I think I will zoom in
on the specific persuasion persuasion
techniques that you can use including
certain examples so
one tip that I want to give you if you
are listening this in your car or at
home or in the gym well I try to make
these solo episodes visually compelling
so it is more interesting to watch and
it's more interesting to follow so I can
also insert specific visually examples
like I did for the landing page of tail
mat of or telemet in the very beginning
of this podcast so make sure to check
out our YouTube channel Pepsi Mastery as
well so you do not miss out on all of
those officially appealing presentations
that I try to give so that's it I hope
you enjoyed it enjoy the rest of your
day and hope to see you around soon in a
future episode ciao
[Music]
thank you